logbook.md, before:

# Cybersecurity-and-data-privacy-course
# Logbook

| Date  | Used hours | Subject(s) |  Outcome(s) |
| :---         |     :---:      |     :---:      |     :---:      |
| 25.10.2025 | 2     | Course Navigation Tutorial & Knowledge Check       | Learned course structure and baseline knowledge.                                    |
| 25.10.2025 | 3     | Module 1: Introduction to Cybersecurity            | Understood core concepts and the CIA triad.                                         |
| 26.10.2025 | 3     | Module 2: Attacks, Concepts, and Techniques        | Learned malware types, phishing, social engineering, and network attacks.           |
| 27.10.2025 | 3.5   | Module 3: Protecting Data and Privacy              | Studied encryption, password management, and privacy best practices.                |
| 28.10.2025 | 3.5   | Module 4: Protecting the Organization              | Learned about access control, firewalls, and incident response.                     |
| 29.10.2025 | 2     | Module 5: Future in Cybersecurity                  | Explored cybersecurity careers and ethics.                                          |
| 30.10.2025 | 0.5   | Course Final Exam                                  | Completed the exam and achieved full marks.                                         |
| 15.11.2025 | 2 | SQL injection vulnerability in WHERE clause allowing retrieval of hidden data |Used ' OR 1=1-- to extract hidden data. Learned how weak input validation exposes database contents|
| 16.11.2025 | 2 | SQL injection vulnerability allowing login bypass | Logged in without password using ' OR '1'='1--. Improved understanding of authentication bypass techniques |
| 16.11.2025 | 2 | username enumeration via different responses |Discovered valid usernames using different server responses. Learned how inconsistent messaging leaks information |
| 16.11.2025 | 4 | Password reset broken logic | 	Reset another user’s password by altering reset-token parameters. Understood importance of secure token validation |
| 17.11.2025 | 4 | Unprotected admin functionality | Accessed /admin directly and deleted user accounts. Learned dangers of missing authorization checks |
| 17.11.2025 | 6 | User role can be modified in user profile | UModified JSON to "roleid":2 and escalated privileges. Learned about insecure direct object reference vulnerabilities (IDOR) |
|25.11.2025 | 8 | Booking phase 1 part 1 | Test and Zap report | We did part 1 test and Zap report |
|02.12.2025 | 9 | Booking phase 1 part 2 | Test and Zap report | We did part 2 test and Zap report |
| 08.12.2025 | 6 | Booking system project part 2 |Password cracking and user configuration. Learned how to do manual test and crack the encrypted password  |
| **Total**  | **60**| **—**                                              | **Total hours completed in cybersecurity coursework and testing activities.**       |

Commit message:

Revise logbook entries for Booking phases and project
Updated entries for Booking phase 1 and project part 2 with detailed descriptions and findings.

logbook.md, after:

# Cybersecurity-and-data-privacy-course
# Logbook

| Date  | Used hours | Subject(s) |  Outcome(s) |
| :---         |     :---:      |     :---:      |     :---:      |
| 25.10.2025 | 2     | Course Navigation Tutorial & Knowledge Check       | Learned course structure and baseline knowledge.                                    |
| 25.10.2025 | 3     | Module 1: Introduction to Cybersecurity            | Understood core concepts and the CIA triad.                                         |
| 26.10.2025 | 3     | Module 2: Attacks, Concepts, and Techniques        | Learned malware types, phishing, social engineering, and network attacks.           |
| 27.10.2025 | 3.5   | Module 3: Protecting Data and Privacy              | Studied encryption, password management, and privacy best practices.                |
| 28.10.2025 | 3.5   | Module 4: Protecting the Organization              | Learned about access control, firewalls, and incident response.                     |
| 29.10.2025 | 2     | Module 5: Future in Cybersecurity                  | Explored cybersecurity careers and ethics.                                          |
| 30.10.2025 | 0.5   | Course Final Exam                                  | Completed the exam and achieved full marks.                                         |
| 15.11.2025 | 2 | SQL injection vulnerability in WHERE clause allowing retrieval of hidden data |Used ' OR 1=1-- to extract hidden data. Learned how weak input validation exposes database contents|
| 16.11.2025 | 2 | SQL injection vulnerability allowing login bypass | Logged in without password using ' OR '1'='1--. Improved understanding of authentication bypass techniques |
| 16.11.2025 | 2 | username enumeration via different responses |Discovered valid usernames using different server responses. Learned how inconsistent messaging leaks information |
| 16.11.2025 | 4 | Password reset broken logic | 	Reset another user’s password by altering reset-token parameters. Understood importance of secure token validation |
| 17.11.2025 | 4 | Unprotected admin functionality | Accessed /admin directly and deleted user accounts. Learned dangers of missing authorization checks |
| 17.11.2025 | 6 | User role can be modified in user profile | UModified JSON to "roleid":2 and escalated privileges. Learned about insecure direct object reference vulnerabilities (IDOR) |
|25.11.2025 | 8 | Booking phase 1 part 1 | Test and Zap report | Manual tests, initial ZAP scanning, and vulnerability documentation.|
|02.12.2025 | 9 | Booking phase 1 part 2 | Test and Zap report | Completed tests, refined findings, and prepared final Phase 1 testing report. |
| 08.12.2025 | 6 | Booking system project part 2 |Password cracking and user configuration. Learned how to do manual test and crack the encrypted password. Security testing with privilege escalation, XSS/SQLi payload injection, OWASP ZAP interception, password hash extraction and cracking with John the Ripper, and comprehensive vulnerability documentation. | 
| **Total**  | **60**| **—**                                              | **Total hours completed in cybersecurity coursework and testing activities.**       |
